Awans valioli (#14)
PrzygodyReksiaDiscord/webhooks: data/info/011_administration-members/embeds/02_mods/description.md

<@1120472788210290768> <:yay:909063765759246336> - Rex Adventures discord server moderator. I'm a former member of the server's Council. You may recognize me from music related projects or my Yt channel. 🎵 I help with user's verification on the server and I also try to stay up to date with all the channels to be able to react quickly in case of any problems. <:policjant:909063765146894356> Don't hesitate to ping or write to me if sth bad happens or when in need of assistance - I'll gladly help. 

> <@349655453493624846> <:uwu:909044715364708373> - I am the newest moderator. I used to be the chairwoman of the Server Council. On the server and in our fandom I participate in almost every possible thing, so I got nothing specific that is my pride and joy. <:kisne:909045357030297613> You may remember me from my participation in Fedor's radio drama, heard my voice in Sermageddon or seeing in the end credits of the Serena's Reksio English AI dubing project. <:love_molly:909045444791926794> I also organized and took part in many server activities. <:zabba:909085254264975390> I am usually active almost all the time, so if something is happening or you just want to talk my dms are always open for you. <:przytulanie:909063765604061194>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<@349655453493624846> <:uwu:909044715364708373> - I am the newest moderator. I used to be the chairwoman of the Server Council. On the server and in our fandom I participate in almost every possible thing, so I got nothing specific that is my pride and joy. <:kisne:909045357030297613> You may remember me from my participation in Fedor's radio drama, hear my voice in Sermageddon or see my name in the end credits of the Serena's Reksio English AI dubing project. <:love_molly:909045444791926794> I also organized and took part in many server activities. <:zabba:909085254264975390> I am usually active almost all the time, so if something is happening or you just want to talk my dms are always open for you. <:przytulanie:909063765604061194>
```
